README.md, before:

<!--
  GitHub Profile README template
  - Copy this file into a NEW repository named exactly with your GitHub username (e.g. https://github.com/your-username/your-username)
  - Rename to README.md in that new repo and push. GitHub will render it on your profile page.
  - Edit the placeholders (YOUR_NAME, YOUR_USERNAME) and links below.
-->

# Hi, I’m Grimprogs 

![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=28&pause=1000&color=000000&center=true&vCenter=true&width=700&height=60&lines=hey+develps+Anurag+here+%2F+peace+%2F+love)

---

### About me

- 🔭 I build small, useful web apps using Python, Flask and Neo4j.
- 🌱 I’m learning systems design and cloud deploy patterns (Render, GitHub Actions).
- 👯 I enjoy collaborating on open source and learning from code reviews.
- 💬 Ask me about Flask, Graph Databases, and deployment pipelines.

---

### Tech stack

<!-- Badges: replace YOUR_USERNAME in the links below where relevant -->

<!-- Primary technologies listed by the user -->
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swagger-85EA2D?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=black)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)

<!-- You can reorder or remove badges as you prefer. -->

You can turn these into a little animated strip by hosting small GIFs or using SVG icons — this is a simple, reliable start.

---

### Projects

- [Scheme Recommendation System](https://github.com/Grimprogs/Scheme_Recommendation_System) — Flask + Neo4j demo for recommending social schemes.
- (Add other project links here)

---

### GitHub Stats (optional)

Below are live stats already wired to the `Grimprogs` username.

![Your GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Grimprogs&show_icons=true&theme=default)

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Grimprogs&layout=compact)

If you want these to render for a different username, replace the `username=` parameter in the URLs above or create a new repo named with your GitHub username and copy this README there.

---

### Contact

- Twitter: [@yourhandle](https://twitter.com/yourhandle)
- LinkedIn: [Your Name](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yourprofile)
- Email: your.email@example.com

---

### How to use this template

1. Create a new repository on GitHub named exactly with your username, e.g. `your-username`.
2. Clone that repo locally (or use the web editor).
3. Copy this file into the root of the new repo and rename to `README.md`.
4. Replace `YOUR_NAME` and `YOUR_USERNAME` and adjust badges/links.
5. Commit and push. Your GitHub profile page will then display this README.

Optional: Add GitHub Actions for dynamic badges or a GIF builder. If you want, I can add a ready-to-use workflow to keep your GitHub stats refreshed.

---

Good luck — tell me your GitHub username and I can inline-edit this file replacing placeholders for you, or add an optional Actions workflow to show a live animated tech-stack card.

Commit message:

Update profile README: animations, 3D toolkit, typo fixes

README.md, after:

<!--
  GitHub Profile README template
  - Copy this file into a NEW repository named exactly with your GitHub username (e.g. https://github.com/your-username/your-username)
  - Rename to README.md in that new repo and push. GitHub will render it on your profile page.
  - Edit the placeholders (YOUR_NAME, YOUR_USERNAME) and links below.
-->

# Hi — I’m Anurag (Grimprogs)

![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=28&pause=1000&color=000000&center=true&vCenter=true&width=760&height=60&lines=hey,+developer+Anurag+here+%E2%9C%8C+%2F+peace+%2F+love)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Platane/snk/master/static/wave.gif" alt="wave" width="48"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <strong style="font-size:1.05em">Hey — developer Anurag here — building delightful UI/UX, animations and 3D experiences.</strong>
</p>

---

### About me

- 🔭 I build small, useful web apps using Python, Flask and Neo4j.
- 🌱 I’m learning systems design and cloud deploy patterns (Render, GitHub Actions).
- 👯 I enjoy collaborating on open source and learning from code reviews.
- 💬 Ask me about Flask, Graph Databases, and deployment pipelines.

---

### Tech stack

<!-- Badges: replace YOUR_USERNAME in the links below where relevant -->

<!-- Primary technologies listed by the user -->
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swagger-85EA2D?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=black)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)


<!-- You can reorder or remove badges as you prefer. -->

---

### Animation, 3D & UI/UX toolkit

I love making interfaces feel alive — smooth motion, micro-interactions and immersive 3D when it fits the user story. Tools & libraries I use:

![Three.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white)
![GSAP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GSAP-29ABE2?style=for-the-badge&logo=greensock&logoColor=white)
![Lottie](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lottie-LottieFiles-FF6A00?style=for-the-badge&logo=lottiefiles&logoColor=white)
![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blender-F5792A?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white)

Tips for adding animation/3D to your projects:
- Use Lottie for lightweight vector animations that scale well in apps and web.
- Host interactive demos (Three.js) on a small static site and link/embed screenshots here.
- Prefer transforms and GPU-accelerated properties for smooth motion (translateZ, transform, opacity).

You can turn these into a little animated strip by hosting small GIFs or using SVG icons — this is a simple, reliable start.

---

### Projects

- [Scheme Recommendation System](https://github.com/Grimprogs/Scheme_Recommendation_System) — Flask + Neo4j demo for recommending social schemes.
- (Add other project links here)

---

### GitHub Stats (optional)

Below are live stats already wired to the `Grimprogs` username.

![Your GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Grimprogs&show_icons=true&theme=default)

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Grimprogs&layout=compact)

If you want these to render for a different username, replace the `username=` parameter in the URLs above or create a new repo named with your GitHub username and copy this README there.

---

### Contact

- Twitter: [@yourhandle](https://twitter.com/yourhandle)
- LinkedIn: [Your Name](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yourprofile)
- Email: your.email@example.com

---

### How to use this template

1. Create a new repository on GitHub named exactly with your username, e.g. `your-username`.
2. Clone that repo locally (or use the web editor).
3. Copy this file into the root of the new repo and rename to `README.md`.
4. Replace `YOUR_NAME` and `YOUR_USERNAME` and adjust badges/links.
5. Commit and push. Your GitHub profile page will then display this README.

Optional: Add GitHub Actions for dynamic badges or a GIF builder. If you want, I can add a ready-to-use workflow to keep your GitHub stats refreshed.

---

Good luck — tell me your GitHub username and I can inline-edit this file replacing placeholders for you, or add an optional Actions workflow to show a live animated tech-stack card.
